README.md, before:

# rpc-airports

Discovered struct coordinates needs a pointer in dot x file, will move forward in new repo and retain this repo for now

## Roundtrip Error

We are getting good data across the socket now from places_server to airports server as we can see below. But are getting a connection refused. Next step is to fix the pointers I'm using to assign the hardcoded values in airports_server

### Current Results:

```
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ ./airports_server&
[1] 29309
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ ./places_server&
[2] 29315
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ ./places_client localhost Seattle WA
city = Seattle, state= WA

Places Server Side: Received city= Seattle, received state= WA

Places Server side: Assigned city= Seattle, assigned state= WA

places server side: assigned getairports_1_arg.lat= 122.700000, assigned getairports_1_arg.lon= 54.400000

Airport Server Side: received lat= 122.700000, received lon= 54.400000

Airport Server side: assigned lat= 122.700000, assigned lon= 54.400000
call failed in getairports_1: RPC: Unable to receive; errno = Connection refused
call failed in callplaces_1: RPC: Unable to receive; errno = Connection refused
[1]-  Segmentation fault      ./airports_server
[2]+  Segmentation fault      ./places_server
Segmentation fault
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ 
```

Commit message:

airport server get to line 36

README.md, after:

# rpc-airports

Discovered struct coordinates needs a pointer in dot x file, will move forward in new repo and retain this repo for now

## Roundtrip Error

We are getting as far as line 36 in the airport server right now, the printfs are below. This could be because of the pointer assignments or something client side, but I don't think so.

### Current Results:

```
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ ./airports_server&
[1] 37057
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ ./places_server&
[2] 37077
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ ./places_client localhost Seattle WA
city = Seattle, state= WA

Places Server Side: Received city= Seattle, received state= WA

Places Server side: Assigned city= Seattle, assigned state= WA

places server side: assigned getairports_1_arg.lat= 122.700000, assigned getairports_1_arg.lon= 54.400000

Airport Server Side: received lat= 122.700000, received lon= 54.400000

Airport Server side: assigned lat= 122.700000, assigned lon= 54.400000

/*assign airport structures*/

airport* ap = &result.airports_ret_u.airport;

airport p;

p = (airportnode *)malloc(sizeof(airportnode));
call failed in getairports_1: RPC: Unable to receive; errno = Connection refused
call failed in callplaces_1: RPC: Unable to receive; errno = Connection refused
[1]-  Segmentation fault      ./airports_server
[2]+  Segmentation fault      ./places_server
Segmentation fault
[chimenti@cs1 v2]$ 
```
